[Music]
there's no excuse for hurting yourself
the italians know that irish don't
that's why they run things
why we don't the italians killed them
i know we got to respond to us
[Music]
jimmy told me you're working for michael
now
i'm just helping out let's go
what are you going to do you're making a
move
you know we can't fight them t-tags have
been around for like 100 years
and you want to go to war
i need your help peter
[Music]
i always thought that you were different
than michael is there any way
i can just forget about all this no okay
by the way where were you last night
but they're gonna wait but they're gonna
get out of the way peter what's going on
what's that say about your business how
much longer you think before someone
pulls it out for monday
the truth is you got to kill your
brother
[Applause]
there's nothing i can do of course you
can
who do you think set up your father
your father made the deal a long time
ago you need to mind your own business
you have to be on my side you're my
brother